Ok so what am I doing here? And what resources do I have to make that happen?

SC code:

- record skipping
-- records input, then plays it back at the same rate with occasional skips
- playback slow chorus
-- records input, plays back at different rates adjusted for pitch
- Joe's Pattern
-- a pattern that layers Joe's drones on top of each other in several configs
- pitch detector/freeze/playback
--Listens for certain pitches and either freezes them when it hears them, or
    could trigger a
  drone playback synth
- drone vocode
-- basically takes every pitch that it hears and turns it into a G, or any note
    that is supplied
- 5th shifts (not written yet)
-- record buffer, shifts it up and down one and two fifths, and delays them.
    Similar to Permian Gold.


Music Ideas:
- Double stop fragments that can be played in any order
- chord progression
- harmonics/open string messing around and exploring
- Fulcrum Pulses: double stop that has legato on one string and stacatto on the
    other, rhythmic pattern
- straight up melody
- fun with string crossing/double stops (maybe in conjunction w/ fulcrum pulses)



Concept:

Ok so It's called boomtown because I had a dream where I was referred to as boom
    town Jimmy. So that's one thing. But it refers to I think what's happening
    a lot in small town America, or what happened a lot in the last century.
    There were big industrial booms, in oil, gold, minerals, whatever, that came
    uninvited to these small towns. And for a while it was awesome. These
    little rural towns that maybe were based on agriculture or ranching or
    something all of a sudden had a huge influx of money and a huge influx of
    people moving there. Which is great. More money for social services and
    public works projects, all that stuff. But even though these industries moved
    in and maybe things got better, the didn't move in in order to make things
    better. They wanted to make money. Bottom line. That's it. And because of
    that they had no problem moving out when the wells dried up, leaving
    as skeletons of their former selves. And its so easy to treat poor rural
    people that way. They're seen as expendable, uneducated, powerless. And the
    corporations work to keep them that way.

    So what can the piece be? The improvisatory nature of the work lends itself
    to giving a voice to the performer, letting them make choices to impact how
    the piece comes together. But what I really want to dig into is this
    dismissal or rural America. How they are stereotyped and forgotten about,
    but they're people too, and they have hopes and dreams and everything That
    anyone in new york has. These are the people that trump is appealing to.
    They feel like their way of life is threatened, and it is. They think black
    people and mexicans are coming for their jobs, but really it's old white men
    in black suits and hairplugs who have for decades been using and abusing
    these people and the land they live on without giving anything in return.
    So the piece is about changing ways of life, it's about misplaced fear, and
    it's about well its kind of about being lied to, right? Because these people
    aren't bad, but they've been fed a lie for so long, that people who don't
    look like them want to come in and change their way of life.

    Ok I'm getting off topic. I want the piece to sound like an echo, bouncing
    through abandoned mines and factories of small town America. And yeah, it's
    sad. And forlorn. They've just been totally forgotten about, they've been
    the butt of every american joke, and now change comes as the cities draw in
    the young people leaving communities to die alone.
    The people in small communities have hopes and dreams just like the
    rest of us, but it's easy for us to see them as less. They're uneducated,
    they're poor, they have problematic histories. But if we expect so little of
    them, they'll live up to those expectations. And they really don't have any
    power. They just get thrown around and treated like garbage, and have been
    for centuries!

    Boomtown is a look at rural America after the mines shut down, after the
    factories shutter their doors, after the jobs moved overseas.
